Development weblets docs (#226)
threefoldtech/info_grid: src/playground/caprover.md

### Requirements

- You need an account on TF-Chain, and there needs to be TFT on the account (see getting started)

> - [Make sure your profile is activated](./wallet_connector.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Make sure your wallet is connected](./wallet_connector.md)
```
